" What is the chemical formula of water?","H₂O"
" Who is credited with formulating the concept of the Turing machine, foundational to modern computing theory?","Alan Turing"
" In organic chemistry, what do we call hydrocarbons that contain at least one carbon–carbon triple bond?","Alkynes"
" Who announced the first iPhone on stage?","Steve Jobs"
" Which company develops and sells the Windows operating system?","Microsoft"
" Who is commonly credited with the law of universal gravitation?","Isaac Newton"
" Which team won the 2024 NBA Finals?","Boston Celtics"
" Which team won the 2025 NBA Finals?","Oklahoma City Thunder"
" Who won the 2024 U.S. presidential election?","Donald Trump"
" What is the smallest parameter size in Meta’s Llama 3.2 model family (in billions of parameters)?","1B"
" Which firm is the parent company of China’s AI company DeepSeek?","High-Flyer Quant"
" As of 2025, NVIDIA’s latest consumer GeForce RTX generation is which series, and what memory type do these GPUs use?","RTX 50-series, GDDR7"
" For the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum on the National Mall, what are the two closest Metro stations and which lines serve them?","L’Enfant Plaza (Green, Yellow, Blue, Orange, Silver) and Smithsonian (Blue, Orange, Silver)"
" For the National Cancer Institute Shady Grove campus, in which city is it located and which Metro station does its shuttle connect to (include the line color)?","Rockville, Maryland; Shady Grove station, Red Line"
" A fight song is a rousing short song associated with a sports team. The term is most common in the United States and Canada. Which university’s fight song includes the lyric 'Hail! to the victors valiant', and in which athletic conference does its football team compete?","University of Michigan, Big Ten Conference"
" Meta Platforms, Inc., doing business as Meta, is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Menlo Park, California. Meta owns and operates several prominent social media platforms and communication services, including Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, Messenger and Threads. Meta’s safety model Llama Guard 3 1B is derived from which Llama 3.2 base size, and what optimization reduced its footprint?","Derived from Llama 3.2 1B; pruned and quantized"
" The Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center is an annex of the Smithsonian Institution's National Air and Space Museum located at Dulles International Airport in Chantilly, Virginia. To reach the Udvar-Hazy Center near Dulles by public transit, which Metrorail station do you ride to before transferring to a bus, and what is the bus provider?","Innovation Center station; Fairfax Connector bus"
" Ames National Laboratory, formerly Ames Laboratory, is a United States Department of Energy national laboratory and affiliated with Iowa State University. It is a top-level national laboratory for research on national security, energy, and the environment.Identify the lab operator and city for the Ames National Laboratory.","Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa"
" The Bill Russell NBA Finals Most Valuable Player is an annual National Basketball Association award given since the 1969 NBA Finals. The award is decided by a panel of eleven media members, who cast votes after the conclusion of the Finals. The person with the highest number of votes wins the award. Who was the 2024 NBA Finals MVP?","Jaylen Brown"
" The National Cancer Institute (NCI) is the federal government's principal agency for cancer research and training. Their team of approximately 3,500 is part of the National Institutes of Health (NIH), one of 11 agencies that make up the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). NCI is deeply committed to core values that allow all staff to reach their potential and fully contribute to the institute’s cancer mission. In which U.S. state and city is the National Cancer Institute’s Shady Grove campus located, and what Metro line does its shuttle connect to?","Rockville, Maryland; Red Line"
